# Software Engineering 322 (Software Verification and Validation) <br> LAB TASKS - 2024, Spring
**Course Description:** It is generally accepted that creating _perftect software_ is **impossible**. Therefore, testing software _prior_ to its release is necessary for **reducing the risk of mistakes** in software production and **eliminating possible negative impacts of mistakes** on the users. It is _equally necessary_ to ensure that **testing is performed well**. This course specifies _definitions and concepts_, _test processes_, _test documentation_, _test techniques_ in software engineering.  
For more information about the course, see here:  
[SE 322 | Course Introduction and Application Information](https://se.ieu.edu.tr/en/syllabus/type/read/id/SE+322)

---
## Table of Contents
* [General Info](#general-info)
* [Course Objectives](#course-objectives1)
* [Learning Outcomes](#learning-outcomes1)
* [Technologies](#technologies)
* [Features](#features)
* [Status](#status)
* [Inspiration](#inspiration)
* [Contributors](#contributors)
* [Licence & Copyright](#licence--copyright)

---
## General Info
* **Laboratory tasks**, **solutions**, and other **related documents** given each week are in the _relevant week's file_.
* This repo was created to share the solutions to the tasks and to facilitate the control of the solutions by the course assistant. In addition, it is developing by adding tasks and other relevant documents.  

---
## Course Objectives[[1]](https://se.ieu.edu.tr/en/syllabus/type/read/id/SE+322)
_The first objective_ of this course is to introduce students to and provide core competencies in the **fundamentals and principles of software testing**. _The second objective_ is to familiarize the students with the **basic testing methods and technologies** which are necessary for applying the concepts of **quality assurance** to _obtain a high quality software product_. _The third objective_ of this course is to provide delegates with the necessary skills to **implement software testing qualifications compliant with the requirements of the international software testing certifications**. All goals are addressed by recognizing _software test processes_, _test documentation_, _test techniques_, _test management_ and _supporting tools_.  

---
## Learning Outcomes[[1]](https://se.ieu.edu.tr/en/syllabus/type/read/id/SE+311)
- _The students who succeeded in this course_;
  - **Apply the software testing terminology**;
  - **Explain test concepts and test types**;
  - **Identify the testing objectives for typical products generated by the software evolution process**;
  - **Perform specific test techniques**;
  - **Identify concepts of software quality.**

---
## Technologies
* java 19.0.2 2023-01-17
* Java(TM) SE Runtime Environment (build 19.0.2+7-44)
* Java HotSpot(TM) 64-Bit Server VM (build 19.0.2+7-44, mixed mode, sharing)
* IntelliJ IDEA 2022.1.2 (Community Edition)
* Runtime version: 11.0.15+10-b2043.56 amd64
* JUnit 5.8.1
---
## Features
**You can find every document, task, and solution related to the relevant weeks in the relevant week's file and review, improve or use the solutions _under license terms_**.

---
## Status
In progress; tasks, related documents, and solutions will be added almost weekly until the end of the 2024 Spring Semester, and past documents will be updated if necessary.

---
## Inspiration
Software Engineering 322 (SE 322) LAB Instructions (Izmir University of Economics, 2024, SE 322 course, Spring Semester laboratory tasks)

As a student of the Izmir University of Economics, I made these tasks in accordance with the SE 322 laboratory tasks instructions for the spring semester laboratory tasks of the SE 322 course in 2024.

The repo conforms almost exactly to the document. It is highly personalized.

I share documents publicly. The contents of the SE 322 projects that will be given in the future may be similar to this document. If you have an ethical responsibility based on this or a similar course, assignment, or task, please use this as an opinion only. If you have a question or need more information about the solutions, send an email to me: <ejderaysunn@gmail.com>

---
## Contributors
- for theory: SE 322 Course Coordinator and Course Lecturer, [Asst. Prof. Kaan KURTEL](https://people.ieu.edu.tr/en/kaankurtel/main)
- for lab: SE 322 Course Assistant, [Res. Asst. Dr. Serhat UZUNBAYIR](https://people.ieu.edu.tr/en/serhatuzunbayir/main)
- Ejder Aysun <ejderaysunn@gmail.com>
- Sommerville I. Software Engineering. 10th ed. Addison Wesley, 2016, ISBN-13: 978-0133943030.
- Black R., van Veenendaal E. and Graham D. Foundations of Software Testing. 3rd ed. Cengage Learning, 2015, ISBN-13: 978-8131526361.
- Bath G., McKay J. The Software Test Engineer’s Handbook: A Study Guide for the ISTQB Test Analyst and Technical Analyst Advanced Level Certificates. Rocky Nook, 2008. Bourque, P. and R.E. Fairley (eds.). 2014, ISBN-13: 978-1937538446.
- Guide to the Software Engineering Body of Knowledge (SWEBOK). Los Alamitos, CA, USA: IEEE Computer Society, ISBN-10: 0-7695-5166-1.
- IEEE 829-2008 - IEEE Standard for Software and System Test Documentation.
- ISO/IEC/IEEE 29119-1Software testing - Part 1: Concepts and definitions.
- ISO/IEC/IEEE 29119-2 Software testing - Part 2: Test processes.
- ISO/IEC/IEEE 29119-3 Software testing - Part 3: Test documentation.
- ISO/IEC/IEEE P29119-4 DIS May 2013 Draft IEEE Standard Software testing -Part 4: Test techniques

---
## Licence & Copyright
© Ejder Aysun, SE322 Lab Tasks  
Licensed under the [MIT Licence](https://github.com/EjderAysun/SE322-Lab-Tasks/blob/main/LICENCE)